[en]it is April 3rd 2023 and you're watching  the code report less than six months ago  Elon Musk paid 44 billion dollars for  Twitter and people have been dunking on  him ever since he fired half the company  gave blue check marks to The Peasants  and freed a bunch of people from Twitter  jail do not come  do not come I'm Gonna Come  in some ways it looks like Twitter is  collapsing it's now only worth 20  billion dollars many users have moved to  Mastodon the New York Times just lost  its blue check and even LeBron James  won't pay the five so did Elon buy  Twitter just to be the king and watch it  burn or is he actually playing a game of  5D chess against the mainstream news  media like the Fox News and CNN channels  that your grandparents watch he's  playing the long game to take their  advertisers by making Twitter the future  platform for all journalism and if he  plays his moves right I predict he will  become the richest man in the world even  richer than Elon Musk himself yesterday  he made a crazy move by open sourcing  the code to Twitter's recommendation  algorithm and it's some of the most  interesting code you'll ever see in  today's video we'll dissect the code and  explain why they want to make Twitter  like the Linux of social media companies  well kind of although it is real  production code at Twitter it's not 100  of the code so it's really only useful  for research and transparency the code  base is mostly written in Scala a jvm  language that's kind of like Java but  concise and just way better Twitter was  originally written with Ruby on Rails  but they moved away from it over a  decade ago everybody already kind of  knows how these algorithms work but it's  extremely interesting to see the real  deal implemented in code like this  method in the early bird tensorflow  based similarity engine.scalifile we  have a bunch of ranking parameters each  with a default value retweets provide a  20x boost while likes provide a 30X  boost and images and videos also provide  a small boost and not surprisingly you  also get a boost for being a pain  Twitter blue member like I said the New  York Times just lost its blue check mark  and now it's not verified so it could  just be a cap behind a screen on the  flip side a tweak can get a debuff if  the account has a lot of mutes blocks or  spam reports also spelling errors and  made up words will give you a debuff and  there's also a long list of topics that  won't be Amplified like anything that's  been flagged as misinformation  harassment putting bounties on people's  heads and many other no-nos the platform  also keeps close track of Elections and  there's actually Tools in place like  this government requested class that  allows president Camacho to keep you  safe from Bad content but taking a step  back we can break the total algorithm  into three parts first it finds a pool  of 1500 tweets that you might be  interested in use using a technique  called candidate sourcing it includes  accounts you follow but also out of  network sources by clustering similar  accounts together allowing it to find  relevant tweets from accounts that you  don't follow yet from there it ranks  that pool of tweets with a 48 million  parameter neural network and then  finally it filters out content by Static  rules like accounts that you've blocked  or muted there's also a second repo  called the algorithm ml that contains  the machine learning models used at  Twitter the project uses Pi torch and  they actually created their own in-house  embeddings that contain over a billion  nodes and hundreds of billions of edges  on the home feed it uses something  called the heavy ranker but some people  have criticized this for amplifying  misinformation the most controversial  block of code though was this one here  that keeps track of whether or not an  author is a democrat or republican or  whether it's Elon or a power user but  apparently this code is only used for  collecting metrics but has already been  removed one thing that's not found in  the source code though is its apparent  juicing of VIP accounts like AOC on the  left and Cat turd on the right which was  reported by platformer the code is  highly interesting and I recommend you  clone it and check it out yourself but  why would Elon do this why would he  release his trade secrets to the public  it kind of makes Twitter like the Linux  of social media the public can identify  things that are unfair in the algorithm  and address them in public it's mostly a  marketing move to build trust it no  longer feels like it's run by a  mysterious cabal that can Shadow ban and  de-boost content without some degree of  transparency and there's a huge  opportunity here because the trust in  mainstream media has fallen so low many  people already use Twitter to consume  the news and although Twitter is  currently losing money they've talked  about compensating content creators just  like YouTube and other platforms too  when that happens journalists could  potentially make a living on Twitter and  put their best content there Elon knows  Twitter blue is never going to make  Twitter any money but rather it's  designed to uplift independent creators  while embarrassing The Establishment the  blue checks are now irrelevant and by  open sourcing the code Twitter is laying  the groundwork to become the fair and  balanced most trusted name in news and  this may Force other social media  platforms to become more transparent  putting elon's balls in Zuckerberg's  Court this has been the code report  thanks for watching and I will see you  in the next one
[zh]现在是 2023 年 4 月 3 日，你正在看
[en]
不到六个月前的代码报告
[zh]不到六个月前的代码报告
[en]
埃隆马斯克为 Twitter 支付了 440 亿美元，
[zh]埃隆马斯克为 Twitter 支付了 440 亿美元，
[en]
[zh]
[zh]自从他解雇了一半公司以来，人们一直在灌篮他
[en]
给农民打了蓝色复选标记
[zh]给农民打了蓝色复选标记
[en]
并释放了一个 一群来自 Twitter
[zh]并释放了一个 一群来自 Twitter
[en]
监狱的人不要来 不要来
[zh]监狱的人不要来 不要来
[en]
我要来了
[zh]我要来了
[en]
在某些方面它看起来像 Twitter 正在
[zh]在某些方面它看起来像 Twitter 正在
[en]
崩溃 它现在只值 200
[zh]崩溃 它现在只值 200
[en]
亿美元 许多用户已经转移到
[zh]亿美元 许多用户已经转移到
[en]
Mastodon 纽约时报刚刚失去了
[zh]Mastodon 纽约时报刚刚失去了
[en]
它的蓝色支票甚至 勒布朗詹姆斯
[zh]它的蓝色支票甚至 勒布朗詹姆斯
[en]
不会支付五美元，所以埃隆购买
[zh]不会支付五美元，所以埃隆购买
[en]
Twitter 只是为了成为国王并看着它
[zh]Twitter 只是为了成为国王并看着它
[en]
燃烧，或者他实际上是在与你的祖父母观看他正在玩的
[zh]燃烧，或者他实际上是在与你的祖父母观看他正在玩的
[en]
[zh]
[zh]福克斯新闻和 CNN 频道等主流新闻媒体玩 5D 国际象棋游戏
[en]
[zh]
[zh]通过让 Twitter 成为
[en]
所有新闻业的未来平台来吸引他们的广告商是一场漫长的比赛，如果他
[zh]所有新闻业的未来平台来吸引他们的广告商是一场漫长的比赛，如果他
[en]
采取正确的行动，我预测他将
[zh]采取正确的行动，我预测他将
[en]
成为世界上最富有的人，甚至
[zh]成为世界上最富有的人，甚至
[en]
比 Elon Musk 本人更富有昨天
[zh]比 Elon Musk 本人更富有昨天
[en]
他做出了一个疯狂的举动，将
[zh]他做出了一个疯狂的举动，将
[en]
Twitter 推荐
[zh]Twitter 推荐
[en]
算法的代码，这是
[zh]算法的代码，这是
[en]
您在今天的视频中看到的最有趣的代码之一
[zh]您在今天的视频中看到的最有趣的代码之一
[en]
[zh]
[zh]Twitter 上的代码 它不是 100
[en]
个代码，所以它真的只
[zh]个代码，所以它真的只
[en]
对研究和透明有用
[zh]对研究和透明有用
[en]
[zh]
[zh]十多年前就离开了它，每个人都已经有点
[en]
知道这些算法是如何工作的，但是
[zh]知道这些算法是如何工作的，但是
[en]
[zh]
[zh]在基于早鸟张量流的
[en]
相似性引擎中看到像这种方法这样的代码实现的真实交易是非常有趣的。scalifile 我们
[zh]相似性引擎中看到像这种方法这样的代码实现的真实交易是非常有趣的。scalifile 我们
[en]
每个都有一堆排名参数
[zh]每个都有一堆排名参数
[en]
使用默认值，转推提供
[zh]使用默认值，转推提供
[en]
20 倍的提升，而点赞提供 30 倍的
[zh]20 倍的提升，而点赞提供 30 倍的
[en]
提升，图像和视频也提供
[zh]提升，图像和视频也提供
[en]
小幅提升，毫不奇怪，
[zh]小幅提升，毫不奇怪，
[en]
作为一个痛苦的
[zh]作为一个痛苦的
[en]
Twitter 蓝色会员，你也会得到提升，就像我说的
[zh]Twitter 蓝色会员，你也会得到提升，就像我说的
[en]
纽约时报刚刚失去了它的蓝色 复选标记，
[zh]纽约时报刚刚失去了它的蓝色 复选标记，
[en]
现在它还没有被验证，所以它可能
[zh]现在它还没有被验证，所以它可能
[en]
只是屏幕后面的一个帽子，
[zh]只是屏幕后面的一个帽子，
[en]
如果
[zh]如果
[en]
帐户有很多静音块或
[zh]帐户有很多静音块或
[en]
垃圾邮件报告也有拼写错误和
[zh]垃圾邮件报告也有拼写错误和
[en]
编造的单词，那么调整可以获得减益效果 debuff 并且
[zh]编造的单词，那么调整可以获得减益效果 debuff 并且
[en]
还有一长串主题不会
[zh]还有一长串主题不会
[en]
[zh]
[zh]像任何被
[en]
标记为错误信息
[zh]标记为错误信息
[en]
骚扰的主题一样被放大 将赏金放在人们的
[zh]骚扰的主题一样被放大 将赏金放在人们的
[en]
头上和许多其他禁忌 该平台
[zh]头上和许多其他禁忌 该平台
[en]
还密切跟踪选举并且
[zh]还密切跟踪选举并且
[en]
实际上有
[zh]实际上有
[en]
这样的工具 政府要求的课程
[zh]这样的工具 政府要求的课程
[en]
允许卡马乔总统保护您免受
[zh]允许卡马乔总统保护您免受
[en]
不良内容的侵害，但退后一步，
[zh]不良内容的侵害，但退后一步，
[en]
我们可以首先将整个算法
[zh]我们可以首先将整个算法
[en]
分为三个部分，它会使用一种称为候选采购的技术找到
[zh]分为三个部分，它会使用一种称为候选采购的技术找到
[en]
您可能有兴趣使用的 1500 条推文池
[zh]您可能有兴趣使用的 1500 条推文池
[en]
[zh]
[zh]包括
[en]
您关注的帐户，但也包括
[zh]您关注的帐户，但也包括
[en]
网络来源之外的帐户，方法是将相似的
[zh]网络来源之外的帐户，方法是将相似的
[en]
帐户聚集在一起，从而允许它
[zh]帐户聚集在一起，从而允许它